---
layout: "docs_api"
version: "unstable"
versionHref: "/docs/unstable"
path: "api/directive/faScrollView/"
title: "fa-scroll-view"
header_sub_title: "Directive in module famous.angular"
doc: "faScrollView"
docType: "directive"
---

<div class="improve-docs">
  <a href='https://github.com/Famous/famous-angular/edit/master/src/scripts/directives/fa-scrollview.js#L1'>
    Improve this doc
  </a>
</div>




<h1 class="api-title">

  fa-scroll-view



</h1>





This directive allows you to specify a <a href="https://famo.us/docs/0.1.1/views/Scrollview/">famo.us Scrollview</a>
that will lay out a collection of renderables sequentially in the specified direction
and will allow you to scroll through them with mousewheel or touch events.








  
<h2 id="usage">Usage</h2>
  
```html
<fa-scroll-view>
  <fa-view>
    <!-- content -->
  </fa-view>
</fa-scroll-view>
```
  
  

  



<h2 id="example">Example</h2><p>In the example below, fa-scrollview displays a collection of nested fa-views generated by an ng-repeat directive. 
 In Famous, events are used to move information between widgets (such as Scroll View) and nested views.
 When a nested view needs to trigger higher-order app behavior within another view (such as a widget), the best practice is to pass data via events.</p>
<p> Input events are captured on surfaces, and it is up the developer to specify where the events will broadcast and receive events by piping.<br> To use a scroll view, create a Famous EventHandler on the scope, pipe the surface events to the event handler using fa-pipe-to, and then pipe that event handler to the Scroll View using fa-pipe-from.
 This will enable scrolling by connecting input events from the surfaces to the Scroll View.</p>
<pre><code class="lang-javascript">var EventHandler = $famous[&#39;famous/core/EventHandler&#39;];
$scope.eventHandler = new EventHandler();

$scope.list = [{content: &quot;famous&quot;}, {content: &quot;angular&quot;}, {content: &quot;rocks!&quot;}];</code></pre>
<pre><code class="lang-html">&lt;fa-scroll-view fa-pipe-from=&quot;eventHandler&quot; fa-options=&quot;options.myScrollView&quot;&gt;
    &lt;fa-view ng-repeat=&quot;item in list&quot;&gt;
       &lt;fa-modifier id=&quot;{{&#39;listItem&#39; + $index}}&quot; fa-translate=&quot;[0, 0, 0]&quot; fa-size=&quot;[300, 300]&quot;&gt;
         &lt;fa-surface fa-pipe-to=&quot;eventHandler&quot; fa-size=&quot;[undefined, undefined]&quot; fa-background-color=&quot;&#39;red&#39;&quot;&gt;
           &lt;div&gt;{{item.content}}&lt;/div&gt;
         &lt;/fa-surface&gt;
       &lt;/fa-modifier&gt;
    &lt;/fa-view&gt; 
 &lt;/fa-scroll-view&gt;</code></pre>
<p>To specify (optional) configurable options for the Scroll View, pass in an object on the scope.<br>Notable options include clipSize, which specifies the size of the area in pixels that the ScrollView will display content in, and direction, which specifies whether the nested views will scroll horizontally or vertically (1 is vertical, 0 is horizontal).
A full list of configurable options for Scroll View may be found at <a href="https://famo.us/docs/0.2.0/views/Scrollview/">https://famo.us/docs/0.2.0/views/Scrollview/</a>.</p>
<pre><code class="lang-javascript">$scope.options = {
  myScrollView: {
    clipSize: 568,
    paginated: true,
    speedLimit: 5,
    direction: 1,
  }
};</code></pre>



